excitement emotions
and an exorbitant price that's exactly
were good Formula one game needs to have
so here's Codemasters new game f1 2013
more realism better character modeling
and beerus even know gravity the book
you nintendo but apart from that verse
nothing different from f12 felt twelve
because we consistently ignore for
communities just kidding of course we
modify several things positively like
for example in order to avoid
frustration due to unreasonable place
each player will be assigned to one of a
special classes before entering a new
lobby so that you only can drive against
others of the same level as yours in f1
2013 we also offer new modes like be
Roman grosser and beat his record score
of 2012 in ramming away because around
you and she even get points for it
but you really disqualified in every
single race unlike the real Formula one
we didn't wanna race HRT but logically
we had no template on a GT would look
like in 2013
so we improvised a little you hide for
useless comments of the chief engineer
like today there are many cars on track
well then this mode is just for acting
for you give you mate correct or
incorrect instructions that you should
follow okay now don't wait if you say so
boom guaranteed you bloody idiot I'm
disqualified
[Music]
we also adapted the miserable penalty
system and every really every single
little possible book is fixed so that f1
2013 will be full new gameplay
experience you have been waiting for so
long and wait a moment
it's that great - oh I'm terribly sorry
Kratos available already
[Music]
what the